As the world was being covered in ash, one man appeared.
He would be later be called Raffles I.
Raffles took his disciples and left on a journey in search of light.
At the end of his journey, he found an "unsullied flame,"
and brought forth the light that would be mankind's salvation.
Here I come, Sho!
Stop playing at being my brother!
This is unpleasant. Why do you persist?
You have no memories of me, either, do you?
Yes, your face! When you were a baby, Sho, you'd laugh, and cry,
and act a lot more human!
Was that too dark? It's all right now. Your big brother helped you out.
That was your memory. What an unpleasant vision.
Stop coming in uninvited!
We used to be brothers!
Stop!
No way!
Not until I get the real you back!
Accelerate...
...back to the time when we were brothers...
...and take hold of it!
You're the devil. Devil!
You disgust me.
Just look at his face. When his family died,
word is that's the way he smiled.
These are Shinra Kusakabe's memories?
Just hold on.
Shinra Kusakabe's memories are flowing into my head.
Frankly,
I don't know what kind of feelings I'll have when I see you, Sho.
Even so, the promise I made Mom
is the bond that keeps our family together!
Promises... Bonds... What do those things even mean?
You're right. The promise I made to Mom is important to me,
but now that I'm seeing you like this...
...the promise doesn't have anything to do with it.
Whatever the case, it doesn't matter to me.
Are you sure?
Look, Kusakabe is here.
Mother-killer.
I heard he killed his baby brother, too.
Huh? How?
He burned him up. What is he, a devil?
It wasn't me. Someone was there... during the fire...
Someone besides Mom and Sho.
I'm going to find him... and I swear, no matter what, I'll tear him a new one!
Did you see his face just now?
He's the devil.
Leave me alone. Ever since the fire, I get that nervous smile.
I killed Sho?
I'm not the devil!
I'd sure like to see you again...
Mom... Sho...
What is the point of showing me these memories?
I am not your brother!
You and I are the same.
How is it that when we were little, we were able to smile,
but now, neither of can openly do so anymore?
I don't have a past. I don't need a past.
Is this memory... one which I've lost?
Twelve years ago, we were a family.
Mom, and you, and me.
Up until that fire broke out,
you and I both could smile without having to think about it.
We just merrily smiled, every day, with Mom...
...and we were happy.
We were brothers, and we were a family.
Sho... Shinra...
I love you.
This woman... is our mother...?
Mom, what are you making?
Hamburger.
Hooray!
I'm washing my hands now, just hold on, okay?
Let me handle it, Mom. I'll go help him.
I'm coming, Sho!
Are you okay? Your big brother is here, so don't you worry.
The wind must have blown that on you.
Sorry, sorry. I'll get that for you right now.
Dark... Scary... Help...
The light...
Was that too dark? It's all right now. Your big brother helped you out.
Stop crying, now. Your big brother is a hero.
See? Don't worry. Your big brother will always be in your corner.
You were in the dark a long time, huh?
I'm sorry for leaving you by yourself for so long.
Let's get out of this place, and go someplace more bright.
I'll take you there.
This man is... my brother...
Let's go home.
"Episode 23: Smiles"
Ah! Shinra-kun!
Sho, this isn't your fault...
Haumea!
Hi-dee 'lo.
Oh, my. It looks like he couldn't control his speed,
and ended up stabbing himself.
Shinra Kusakabe bears an Adolla Burst.
We can't have him dying on us. I will withdraw with him.
This is bad! Another enemy has shown up!
Who the hell are you? You're the ones who abducted Sho, aren't you?
What do you plan to do after you collect your Adolla Bursts?
The Great Cataclysm, 250 years ago, seems to have been a misfire.
By gathering Adolla Bursts, we're going to kick-start the Great Cataclysm again!
That's why we're using bugs to create pyrokinetics,
and searching for Adolla Bursts!
Also, we need you and Sho to do that!
Hey! Why are you telling him?!
Whoops...
Who cares? Even if they know, there's no way they can stop us.
Now then, let's claim Shinra Kusakabe.
Oh? Sho, is something wrong?
First, tell me what happened 12 years ago.
Who can say? I'm a sucker for forceful men,
so why don't you beat it out of me?
Stop screwing around.
Come on, out of the way.
Severed Universe.
Oh? Is something the matter?
Time isn't stopping. My Link has been cut.
Sho!
What have you done?!
What do you know? You're still pretty lively, aren't you? Amazing, amazing!
Okay, why don't we get going, too?
Sh-Shinra-kun!
What the hey?
I was trying for her head, but got deflected.
Arthur... Lieutenant...
I'm going to be the one to put you down, Devil!
No dying on me in here!
Some uninvited intruders have turned up. Man...
Arthur, she uses some kind of strange technique.
You keep quiet. Don't talk. Hush up.
Now, you're in my way. Move. Move it.
Hmm?
Huh? It didn't work.
What a load. A scare technique? Come at me.
Plasma... Must be interfering with my electric signal.
Ah! You're a pain-in-the-ass opponent!
Haumea! We're out of time! We have to go!
Yeah! I know! It'll only take a moment to crush these guys!
Now what is it?
My Tekkyo... Did the electrical system short out?
Help Shinra while I keep her at bay!
--Yes, sir! --Yes, sir!
Lieutenant!
Bah! Plasma!
That plasma is getting my wires crossed, and I can't reach their nerves!
Damn that plasma-user!
He's a real pain in the ass.
Shinra, you're going to be okay now.
Oh! The earthquake is starting.
This tremor... It's shaking in the creepiest way...
It is the doing of the Evangelist!
We're out of time, Haumea!
See you later, if you survive.
Sho...
--Wait! Give Sho back!
--No! Don't move! --Wait! Give Sho back!
We're getting out of here, too!
It's still shaking.
This is going on much too long.
She said it was the Evangelist's doing. What are they up to?
Sh-Sho is... Shinra, right now, you just hold on tight!
If you survive, you can see your brother again!
To the emergency room?
Good idea. Let's call on our colleague.
When it comes to treating pyrokinetics, no one can beat her.
"Special Fire Hospital 6"
Director Huang!
Director Kayoko Huang!
"Lieutenant" "Second-generation pyrokinetic" "Asako Hague"
Emergency!
What is it, Lieutenant Hague?
"Captain" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Kayoko Huang"
Captain Huang, my gratitude. I have a gravely injured crewman.
We were informed by the empire.
Was he injured during that underground operation?
Yes.
How did the Nether investigation go?
Any guesses what's causing that incessant quaking?
Are you sure the great Sol isn't mad at the 8th
for violating the forbidden Nether?
That isn't it. It turns out this "Evangelist" and the White-Clad
have been creating man-made Infernals.
They're looking for those who possess Adolla Bursts,
flames that come from the underworld Adolla,
in order to destroy the world.
I'll ask you all about it later.
Captain Huang...
...can you fix up Shinra?
Honestly, it will be tough. Maybe if the patient has enough strength left...
And even if we do save his life, the worst-case scenario
is that he'll suffer lasting effects, such as being paralyzed.
Patient is a third generation, and possesses an Adolla Burst, you say?
Yes.
I have never come into contact with the sacred flame known as an Adolla Burst.
There is no telling what may happen.
He's my valued crewman. Captain Huang...
...please do your best.
I'll try. I'll do everything I can.
"Operating"
O Sol, please grant Shinra-san the light of life.
Extraction of the sword successful. His vitals have stabilized, too.
Now I have to treat him with my ability. Then again, with a wound like this...
I'm not sure my ability alone can heal it.
It rests with the strength of his flame, as well.
Here goes.
Now beginning the final operation on patient Shinra Kusakabe.
Rod of Asclepius!
Serpent, revitalize him!
It's been an hour since the operation started.
Where are the others?
The sister went to pray for Kusakabe.
Lieutenant Hinawa is also being treated,
and Investigator Licht is investigating.
What about Vulcan?
He's with Lisa-san.
Apparently, Lisa-san is an emotional wreck.
So is the 6th a hospital? What kind of company is this?
You really don't know anything, huh?
You're aware that all medical treatment in the empire
are rites that can only be performed by the Holy Sol Temple, right?
You see, like the 1st, the 6th is an entity of the Holy Sol Temple,
and is the company that specializes in medical treatment.
Uh-huh. So that means this is a Holy Sol Temple. One that's a hospital.
It's a Special Fire Force Company!
I hear that no one is better than the 6th's Captain Huang
when it comes to treating pyrokinetics.
Word is that she uses a unique ability to heal them.
Is there something special about Captain Huang's treatment?
Apparently, her ability controls a flaming serpent
that treats injuries, illnesses, and all sorts of symptoms.
When the patient is a pyrokinetic, it also makes use of their flame
to instantly relieve them of their suffering.
It's a pretty flame.
At this rate, there should be no problem at all.
This Adolla Burst is incredible.
He's used up all of his flame regenerating,
so it may be a few days before he wakes up.
"Operating"
It's been three days.
It's clear out.
I'm awake.
I'm sure hungry. I want some rice.
What happened to Sho? I managed to save him, but...
Has he gone back to the Evangelist again?
I should be looking at this sky with my brother...
Damn it!
Impressive. You're awake, just like Captain Huang predicted.
Must be the light from the sun, but you don't even look that pale.
That being said, you're still on the mend. At ease.
I'm just glad you're all right.
Captain Burns? What are you doing here, sir?
I came to check up on you.
Check up? You came here for a second class Fire Soldier from the 8th?
Am I putting you out?
No, sir.
If you're up to it, how about a little check-up visit chat?
About that fire that happened 12 years ago.
Get dressed. How about we take in some of the air outside
while you have some rice?
Are you a big eater?
Yes, sir, more than usual.
You sure have grown up.
You've known who I was for the last 12 years, haven't you?
You really were the Fire Soldier who was there at the time.
You knew everything, sir?
Yeah. If I had been the one who reported the truth of that fire,
you wouldn't have had to bear the stigma of killing your mom and brother.
I don't care what happened to me!
Captain Burns, did you know that Sho was still alive, too?
Yeah... I knew.
Then, did you know he had been taken away to the Evangelist, too, sir?
Why didn't you help him?!
Why didn't you say anything to me?
If I'd known, I wouldn't have left Sho in that darkness for 12 years!
After 12 years, you're all grown up, and you still nearly died, so if I had told you,
what do you think you could have done?
This was a fluke. I'm not the same as I was when we first sparred.
I'm not so sure. The fluke is that you survived.
If you're really not the same, then show me.
Come at me.
"To be continued"
Look at the imaginations in my head and I'll go back to myself
Forcing right decisions on me is like a devil that eats me up
He that used his claws on me
Uses the same claws to defend someone else
Weapons turn into both wounds and shields
Isn't that what life's about?
A secret known to none
For so long almost seems to disappear but never does
Been holding on to it
While spending a night in the fire
The more they're attracted, the more the ignorant laugh
What used to make up the universe until yesterday takes the helm
The entire range of emotions that breathes
Don't want to take away what I haven't even experienced
Look at the imaginations in my head and I'll go back to myself
Forcing right decisions on me is like a devil that eats me up
Don't get in my way anymore
I won't be killed by your ideals
"Next time"
"Episode 24: The Burning Past"